Update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/xaf-how-to-access-the-master-detailview-information-from-a-nested-listview-controller: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E1012)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# XAF - How to access the master Detail View information from a nested List View controller

> This example shows how retrieve master Detail View Frame from the controller for a nested List View. There are base controllers that show how to accomplish this task:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how retrieve a master Detail View Frame from the controller for a nested List View. The following controllers show how to accomplish this task:
```

* [MasterDetailViewController](./CS/EFCore/GetMasterFrameEF/GetMasterFrameEF.Module/Controllers/MasterDetailViewController.cs)
* [NestedListViewFrameController](./CS/EFCore/GetMasterFrameEF/GetMasterFrameEF.Module/Controllers/NestedListViewFrameController.cs)

> For demostration purposes, we created [ContactController](./CS/EFCore/GetMasterFrameEF/GetMasterFrameEF.Module/Controllers/NestedListViewFrameController.cs) (inherited from `MasterDetailViewController`) and [MyTaskController](./CS/EFCore/GetMasterFrameEF/GetMasterFrameEF.Module/Controllers/MyTaskController.cs) (inherited from `NestedListViewFrameController`), that show how to change a value of a master detail view Action's caption according to the object selected in a nested list view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For demostration purposes, we created [ContactController](./CS/EFCore/GetMasterFrameEF/GetMasterFrameEF.Module/Controllers/NestedListViewFrameController.cs) (inherited from `MasterDetailViewController`) and [MyTaskController](./CS/EFCore/GetMasterFrameEF/GetMasterFrameEF.Module/Controllers/MyTaskController.cs) (inherited from `NestedListViewFrameController`) that show how to change a value of a master detail view Action's caption according to the object selected in the nested list view.
```

<kbd>![chrome_6sfQlAxVjx](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14300209/232497611-742c1cb4-6b9e-4a7c-9236-15fa4f20de0b.gif)</kbd>

## Files to Review

* [ContactController](./CS/EFCore/GetMasterFrameEF/GetMasterFrameEF.Module/Controllers/NestedListViewFrameController.cs)
* [MyTaskController](./CS/EFCore/GetMasterFrameEF/GetMasterFrameEF.Module/Controllers/MyTaskController.cs)

## Documentation

> * [How to: Access Master Detail View and Nested List View Environment](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/113161/ui-construction/ways-to-access-ui-elements-and-their-controls/how-to-access-master-detail-view-and-nested-list-view-environment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [How to: Access a Master Detail View and Nested List View Environment](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/113161/ui-construction/ways-to-access-ui-elements-and-their-controls/how-to-access-master-detail-view-and-nested-list-view-environment)
```
